CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to Pglet for Python

Thank you for your interest in contributing to Pglet!

## Clone repo

```
git clone https://github.com/pglet/pglet-python
```

## Install PDM

## Windows

```powershell
(Invoke-WebRequest -Uri https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pdm-project/pdm/main/install-pdm.py -UseBasicParsing).Content | python -
```

Enable PEP 582:

```
pdm --pep582
```

Run `refreshenv` after installing PDM on Windows or restart terminal.

## macOS

```
brew install pdm
```

Enable PEP 582:

```
pdm --pep582 >> ~/.zprofile
```

Restart the terminal session to take effect.

## Install dependencies

To install all Pglet dependencies and enable the project as editable package run:

```
pdm install
```

## Check the installation

Run "counter" example:

```
python3 examples/counter.py
```

During the first run Pglet Server will be downloaded from GitHub releases to `$HOME/.pglet/bin` directory and started from there. The version of Pglet Server to download is taken from `PGLET_VERSION` variable in `appveyor.yml` in the root of repository.

You should get a new browser window opened with "counter" web app running.

Commit message:

Format sources with Black, added annotations and sort imports (#61)
* Black formatted examples

* Added .vscode/ to ignored

* Added Black to contributing guide

* Black-formatted pglet and tests

* Sort imports and removed unused

* Replace all setter assertions with beartype/typings

* Added Textbox.align type check

* Barchart.data_mode

* Typings for half of the controls

* The rest of typings

* Fix checkbox (and other bool) props

* Fix typings

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to Pglet for Python

Thank you for your interest in contributing to Pglet!

## Clone repo

```
git clone https://github.com/pglet/pglet-python
```

## Install PDM

### Windows

```powershell
(Invoke-WebRequest -Uri https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pdm-project/pdm/main/install-pdm.py -UseBasicParsing).Content | python -
```

Enable PEP 582:

```
pdm --pep582
```

Run `refreshenv` after installing PDM on Windows or restart terminal.

### macOS

```
brew install pdm
```

Enable PEP 582:

```
pdm --pep582 >> ~/.zprofile
```

Restart the terminal session to take effect.

## Install dependencies

To install all Pglet dependencies and enable the project as editable package run:

```
pdm install
```

## Check the installation

Run "counter" example:

```
python3 examples/counter.py
```

During the first run Pglet Server will be downloaded from GitHub releases to `$HOME/.pglet/bin` directory and started from there. The version of Pglet Server to download is taken from `PGLET_VERSION` variable in `appveyor.yml` in the root of repository.

You should get a new browser window opened with "counter" web app running.

## Running tests

Pytest should be run with `pdm run`:

```
pdm run pytest
```

## Code formatting

The project uses [Black](https://github.com/psf/black) formatting style. All `.py` files in a PR must be black-formatted.

IDE-specific Black integration guides:

* [VSCode: Using Black to automatically format Python](https://dev.to/adamlombard/how-to-use-the-black-python-code-formatter-in-vscode-3lo0)

Imports should be sorted with [usort](https://usort.readthedocs.io/en/stable/).
